It is again time for a practice project,
a project where we can practice a lot of the things you learned throughout this entire course and of course
especially throughout the previous modules and therefore in this module here, we'll again build a complete
web page, a basic web page,
this time a web page where we will also work with a third-party library,
Google Maps, to allow users to get a current location of a user or to enter an address and then get
the location of that address and display it on a map and to then share that place with other users.
This is what we're going to build and throughout this module, we'll therefore encounter a couple of the concepts
we learned in the last modules or in this entire course
and of course in general, this will be a great practice to work with Javascript.